0. What is your name?
Henry Johnson

1. Based on your examination of the pseudo-code, what do you think the "big-O"
   complexity of the Fisher-Yates shuffle algorithm is?  Give a brief (2-3
   sentence) justification of your analysis.
I believe that this is worst case and best O(n). The reason I think this is because we start at the very end,
then swap randomly and go through each index once. Another tell is that there is just one for loop.

2. Based on your examination of the pseudo-code, what do you think the "big-O"
   complexity of the insertion sort algorithm is?  Give a brief (2-3 sentence) 
   justification of your analysis.
I think that this is worst cast O(n^2) and best case O(n). I think this is correctbecause i saw a nested loop,
meaning it could have to check each instance on every other one at worst, but at best it would still have to loop through
everything.

3. Based on your examination of the pseudo-code, what do you think the "big-O"
   complexity of the binary search algorithm is?  Give a brief (2-3 sentence) 
   justification of your analysis.
I think that binary search is at worst is O(logn) where log has a base of 2. I think this is correct since
it splits the list in half every time.

4. Based on your experiments with the code, what do you think the "big-O"
   complexities are of:
	- Fisher-Yates shuffle?
my data shows that there is a positive coorelation, although it is not a consistent
straight line. I wouldn't change my answer from o(n), but it is strange to see such
inconsistent data, perhaps my computer just ran different tests at different "power"
	- Insertion sort?
it makes sense that this would be the highest, since it is o(n^2), but again
the data is very inconsistent
	- Binary search?
although this data is not super consistent, is still believe that it is o(logn)
but other factors have more power over time taken when size is smaller. and again,
i think my computer's "power" is incosistent.

   Provide plots of your experimental data to justify your answer.
not sure how to provied my plot so here is a link to a spreadsheet:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D2SyFUX9O6js5xeqPToXBe8kUmYRYhZTuSDxkjfiBg0/edit?usp=sharing 

